Caching beta update (#314)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/mesh/advanced/caching/index.md

Regardless of the option you choose, you can configure your [cache-control headers](./cache-control-headers.md) to control how long a response is cached.

## Caching requirements

For API Mesh to cache a response, the request and response must meet the following requirements:

**Request**

- The request method must be `GET` or `POST`.
- The request must be a query operation type.
- The request must not be an introspection query.

**Response**

> - The response status must be `200`.

Reviewer: This was an error on my part. We are looking for an "OK" status, within the range of 200 - 299.

```suggestion
- The response status must be in the range `200` - `299`.
```

- The response body cannot contain errors, as defined by [GraphQL specification](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/#sec-Errors).
- The response `cache-control` header must contain public [cache eligible directives](./cache-control-headers.md#response-headers).

## Compliance

When considering PCI or HIPPA compliance as it relates to caching, you should understand the following:

- API Mesh caching is disabled by default.
  - You must opt in to caching, by configuring `meshConfig.responseConfig.cache: true`.
- When caching is configured, API Mesh acts as a public cache driven by cache-control headers returned from your sources.
- API Mesh is a gateway and is unaware of the compliance requirements of your sources. You should understand your sources and ensure they return appropriate cache-control headers to prevent caching of sensitive data.

## Source-driven caching

> API Mesh implements a source-driven caching model. Your data sources are responsible for directing caching behavior by returning appropriate [cache-control headers](./cache-control-headers.md). You must ensure that sources serving personalized content return appropriate cache-control directives. API Mesh will never cache responses containing the `private` or `no-store` directives.

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on using an inline alert to really emphasize the `You must ensure that sources  serving personalized content return appropriate cache-control directives`?

> API Mesh implements a source-driven caching model where your data sources are responsible for properly handling caching behavior, specifically for personalized content. Sources must provide appropriate [cache-control headers](./cache-control-headers.md), set proper cache directives for personalized data, and implement correct cache [invalidation](./cache-control-headers.md#invalidate-the-cache) strategies.

Reviewer: Could we refine the messaging here?

```suggestion
API Mesh implements a source-driven caching model. Your data sources are responsible for directing caching behavior by returning appropriate [cache-control headers](./cache-control-headers.md). You must ensure that sources serving personalized content return appropriate cache-control directives. API Mesh will never cache responses containing the `private` or `no-store` directives.
```

> The mesh will respect and forward these cache directives, unless [overridden](./cache-control-headers.md#overriding-cache-control-using-mesh-level-responseconfig) at the mesh level, but your sources must ensure proper caching behavior for personalized content through appropriate header settings and cache control mechanisms.

Reviewer: The team ended up having concerns about using response headers to override the cache-control header. While it is technically possible, we should avoid recommending users do this because it could lead to the caching of sensitive or personalized data even if a source returns a restrictive directive such as `no-store`.
